Toolbar doc updates (#1927)
patternfly/patternfly-org: packages/v4/src/content/design-guidelines/usage-and-behavior/toolbar/toolbar.md

## Elements

> The toolbar is a container for holding a variety of elements (toolbar items and groups) that are used to manipulate a set of data. All items should be centered vertically within the toolbar. There is a 24px of padding before and after the toolbar content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The toolbar is a container for holding a variety of elements (toolbar items and groups) that are used to manipulate a set of data. All items should be centered vertically within the toolbar. There is 16px of horizontal padding before and after the toolbar content.
```

Reviewer: I've identified the padding values as a potential enhancement. Currently, the padding left/right is `16px`, but I believe we should update this padding to be consistent with `pf-c-page__main-section`, `__card`, etc
https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly/issues/3240

Author: Yes, I do remember a discussion about adjusting this. So I guess that means the toolbar examples will also need adjusting to reduce the spacing on either end. @gdoyle1 that will then also apply to the Sketch Library which has 24px spacers.

@mattnolting can you confirm this before we make those updates?

Author: Based on our conversation yesterday, I just deleted this statement.

#### Bulk selector
<img src="./img/bulk-selector.png" alt="bulk selector item" width="218" />

 A Bulk selector can be added when you want to give users the ability to select multiple items within a page. Besides allowing the user to select and deselect all items on a page, other application specific options can be added in the dropdown. Bulk selection allows the user to select or deselect all items on a page and provide an indeterminate state that notifies the user when only some items are selected. Bulk selectors should always be the left-most element in a toolbar and has a 24px spacer to its right.

 #### Filter group
 <img src="./img/filter-group.png" alt="filter group" width="355" />

  A filter group combines multiple select filters into a single group. See [Filters](/design-guidelines/usage-and-behavior/filters) for more information about using filters.

#### Search filter
<img src="./img/search-filter.png" alt="search filter" width="355" />

> A search filter is intended to be used with a filter group as shown below when you want to include a single search field together with one or more select filters. It include an 8px spacer to the right of the item to enforce association with other filters. See the [Filters](design-guidelines/usage-and-behavior/filters) documentation for more information about using filters.

Reviewer 2: Found that include should be changed to includes - "It includes an 8px spacer..."

* When pagination is not used, the item count should be the right-most element.

### Examples
**Basic toolbar**
<img src="./img/basic-toolbar-items.png"  alt="toolbar with standard items"  width="1210"/>

The basic toolbar is sufficient for most cases. The example above shows the toolbar with default spacing. It includes the following elements:
1. **Bulk selector:** The bulk selector supports selection of multiple items in a list, table, or card grid. It is always the leftmost item.
2. **Filter:** The example shows an attribute-value filter, but any supported filter can be used here. See [Filters](/design-guidelines/usage-and-behavior/filters) usage guidelines for more information.
3. **Overflow menu:** In this example an overflow menu is used to hold global actions. But a simple button group could also be used here if you have two or less actions.
4. **Item count**: When a filter is applied, the item count will be updated to represent the filtered subset of items. For example, “10 of 17 items.” The item count should be the right-most element.

**Toolbar with pagination**
<img src="./img/basic-toolbar-pagination.png"  alt="basic toolbar with pagination"  width="1210"/>

> When pagination is used, the pagination component replaces the item count. It should be the right-most element. Here, the toolbar is shown with both full and compact pagination options.

Reviewer: I believe we decided to prescribe `compact pagination` always be used in header applications. Like, when a toolbar appears above a dataset.

Author: I think this guidance makes sense, although I would not want to say "always" as you could opt to use the full pagination as it applies to your use case. @gdoyle1 what do we currently default to in the Sketch template? Another area where we should try to be consistent.

Author: OK. I added a statement about this.

![toolbar in page header](./img/toolbar-layout-cardview.png)

For simple list and table views that are placed inside of an enclosing card, the toolbar should always appear above the data set to which it applies. Toolbars should stretch to the width of the data view to which it applies, with the elements aligned in a horizontal row.

![layout](./img/toolbar-layout.png)

Note that there should be no spacers on the left and right edges of the toolbar as the toolbar provides its own padding.

## The toolbar on mobile

The toolbar adapts to smaller viewport sizes by collapsing or hiding elements that take significant space, including filters and actions. On mobile devices, when used, pagination will be available from the footer, only. When designing toolbars to be responsive:

* Place filter controls in a [Toggle group](#Toggle-groups) so they will be hidden in a collapsible panel at mobile breakpoints.
* Use an [Overflow menu](#Overflow-menu) to collapse actions into a kabob menu.

The following is an example of a complex toolbar optimized for mobile.

<img src="./img/toolbar-filters-mobile.png"  alt="toolbar with filters and actions hidden on mobile"  width="1308"/>

> Here, the search filter and filter group containing three drop-down filters are placed in a toggle group that collapsed when the screen shrinks to mobile size. The two action button are part of an overflow menu that collapses to a single kabob menu. The bulk selector and sort icon button are implemented as toolbar items that remain visible at all breakpoints.

Reviewer 2: Action buttons* instead of "action button"
